## Standup Monday 08-29-22

Agenda:

- [ ] Checkin with [priority queue](https://github.com/orgs/Krause-House/projects/6/views/1). Edit such that we're all on board.
- [ ] Standups
- [ ] Other thoughts?

## Standups

> 1. Brainstorm problems for the day. Anyproblems yesterday?
> 2. Prioritize problems.
> 3. Map to tasks.


### Eli
Problems

1. Search tabs don't map clearly enough to problems (USER)
- [ ] map out core problems for search box specifically (add to problem queue)
- [ ] make any relevant changes
- [x] filter questions to top
- [x] add more question resources to FAQ

2. Wasted effort to make every "app" from scratch (DEV PROD)
- [x] build abstracted list from that can accept any list data that maps to a subview
- [ ] get an idea of what we'd want to render so we can build/design around that
- [ ] ~~build instance for "Users"~~

3. PR's on all of Trik's commits will slow him down (DEV PROD)
- [x] setup sprint branch we can push directly to

4. Hard and low-leverage for Trik to bounce around issues
- [ ] find a specific feature he can focus more big-picture on

5. People are lost about roadmap and what to rally around
- [x] sketch new org chart

6. Bug in proposal view
- [x] fix

### Trik
- [ ] (suggestion) * riff with eli on a first feature that you'd be excited to own/deliver, will be more empowering than independent issues (DRI approach and will give you more concrete result that non-technical will understand)

### Greg

1. DAO Alerts upkeep
- [X] Send out weekly email with announcements

2. The Product Team's purpose is clearly defined, but not clearly understood or upheld
- [ ] Write a piece on who we are, what we're doing, and what we plan on doing

3. The DAO is in division, we have a chance to strengthen our own ties by proactively solving aspects of that division
- [ ] Plan a product team-sponsored "Happy Hour" for the DAO

4. Bayesian needs data to put together his report for the Pacers
- [X] Send bayesian play-by-play data for the Pacers' 2021-2022 season
- [ ] Send bayesian shot chart data *


## Other Topics / Questions / Concerns
1. kevtae reached out about unifying dev efforts, good idea to pool resources
2. 
