# Standup 8.23.22

> It might take a few days to iron this out, but I want to make sure we're articulating our problems clearly on a regular basis, and mapping that to tasks.

Steps:

1. Ideate Problems
2. Prioritize Problems
3. Break them down into tasks.

Agenda:

- [x] Priority Queue Intro / Ideation (get 2-3 problems up and ordered)
- [x] Eli does example problem -> task standup
- [x] Trik probmem -> tast standup
- Chatted about HouseOS and interviews.

## What problems are we working on?

**How do we plan to work to a solution TODAY (concrete actions)?**

Eli

1. Jerry’s have a hard time finding known resources. Jerry’s are unaware of key resources.

Test

- [x] iterate on milestone user interview
- [x] interview nibblez

Build

- [x] implement changes from trik interview
- [x] house OS mobile view v1 ready to user test
- [x] submit a resource / leave feedback links/forms

2. We're (product team) not clear enough about prioritization of problem space.

- [x] design problem based sprint
- [x] create a priority board to try out

3.  I don't have clear enough data on user interactions that I'm not viewing.

- [x] setup analytics to track most common resources

Trik

Problems

1. Don't have full understanding of HouseOS thinking/intention/direction.
2. Don't have context on the implementation.
3. ~~Common links on HouseOS don't get filtered to top.~~ (LATER)

Solutions:

- [ ] (1) Send Eli list of questions.
- [ ] (2) Send Eli list of implementation questions as well.
- [ ] (2) Poke around codebase and ask Eli any questions about things.

## Any other notes / thoughts?
