## Standup 08-24-22

Agenda:

- [x] Checkin with priority queue. Edit such that we're all on board.
- [x] Standups
- [x] Other thoughts?

## Standups

> 1. Brainstorm problems for the day.
> 2. Prioritize problems.
> 3. Map to tasks.

### Eli

Problems (by priority)
Don't have a clear team workflow for HouseOS, will be hard to Trik to jump in.

- [x] (1) Draft contributor guide, setup PR template and GH actions
- [ ] (1) Copilot a PR with Trik to build muscle memory.
- [x] (1) Draft some sample issues to get muscle memory.
      Don't have a clear idea of how to get this in users' hands sustainably.
  - [x] Get a domain (search.krausehouse.club + krausehouse.club/search), and draft outreach strategy.
        Need more test data on Milestone 1.
- [x] (3) Interview Dluxe + Notes
- [x] (3) Review Nibblez interview and take notes, make any relevant changes to U/X.

Don't know how valuable mobile view will be.

- [x] Post announcement polling how many users use mobile for KH stuff.

~~HouseOS codebase needs some cleanup for collaboration~~ (PUSH)

Other

- [x] House OS specific priority queue

### Trik

Problems:

1. Don't fully understand problem space around notifications.

- [ ] Schedule snag some more user interviews to find out what people care about and struggle with / desire.
- [ ] Take notes, takeaways from interview.

2. Need feedback on House OS milestone 1.

- [x] Copilot Dluxe Interview with Eli to get a feel for process. Chat about user interview process.
- [ ] Copilot SNKRHUD Interview with Eli to get a feel for process. Chat about user interview process.

3. Need some muscle memory working in HouseOS

- [ ] Try a sample House OS issue to get familiar with workflow / codebase.
- [ ] (IDEA) Send Eli some learning/growth/interest goals so that Eli can curate work in line with Trik's priorities.

### Greg

Problems:

1. Eli has trouble with GitHub actions
2. We don't understand why people do or do not sign up for DAO Alerts
3. We need more clarity on "little steps" for problems for DAO Alerts
4. Analytics dashboard is in a limbo state with no status on designs

Steps:

- [x] (1) Help Eli setup GH action
- [x] (2) User interviews for DAO Alerts (booked all day)
- [X] (3) Define problems for DAO Alerts, what specifically should be solved. Get granular. Unit tests basically.
- [ ] (4) Put together a timeline for the analytics dashboard and get agreement from Flex + Bayesian

## Other Thoughts / Questions to Cover

1.
