## Standup 08-26-22

Agenda:

- [ ] Checkin with [priority queue](https://github.com/orgs/Krause-House/projects/6/views/1). Edit such that we're all on board.
- [ ] Standups
- [ ] Other thoughts?

## Standups

> 1. Brainstorm problems for the day. Anyproblems yesterday?
> 2. Prioritize problems.
> 3. Map to tasks.


### Eli
Problems

1. Jerry's do not know how to be helpful
2. Jerry's do not know what other teams are working on
3. Team Vibes do not feel up to par, lack of trust and communication

- [x] create a template for a community driven weekly digest.
  - jerry's ask the questions
  - key updates / events provided
  - how to get involved updated by the week
  - contributors can see everyone being funded by the DAO
  - can celebrate wins together
- [x] create open poll channel to foster more dialogue
- [x] create coworking notifications so jerry's can pop into other teams, and newcomers can get plugged in

4. Lots of problems to clean up from user interviews
5. Trik still getting setup with House OS and will likely have questions
 - [ ] tackle some issues, cowork with trik

6. Need data on efficacy of House OS milestone 1
- [ ] unclejon interview notes

7. Don't have full context on DAO notification problems
- [ ] read notes from mrsenorhill interview


### Trik

- [ ] (suggestion) cowork on some starter houseOS issues

### Greg



## Other Topics / Questions / Concerns
1. How are you guys feeling about problem queue, milestones, solution tests?  I want to make sure we iterate on it we can make it work for us.

greg: 
- still getting used to it, reassess next week,
- "when/how to change update queue?"

3. ~~Learning culture / team pair programming side quests~~
4. ~~Integrate HouseOS tags with DAO notification subscriptions.  Should share profile / user system..?  All users suggested some form of following or filtering proposals / users based on tags.~~
