## Thu Sep 1 2022

1. Iterate on personas / product / direction
2. Standup


### Personas, Product, Direction
> Let's decide who are most high priority personas are (and at what point in time) and build for them.

1. What are they characterized by?
2. How relevant are they?
3. How uniquely can WE as the product team bring value.

**KH Internal**
- Labor
  - **Core Jerry**: Active contributor. Has or is contributing to some team or project. They don't participate much in governance unless it's needed, and just want to be useful. Our goal is to make them more engaged, informed, and opinionated governors.
  - **Project Collaborator**: Excited about contributing to Krause House, and wants to help build product via dev, design, or PM but not sure how.
  - **Krause Curious**: Excited about Krause House, DAOs, and web3, but doesn't have a deep grasp of what that all means.  They want to participate but don't know how. Our goal is to give them a clear path to stay up to date and feel like they are engaging meaningfully and are a part of the functioning/success of the DAO.

  - **Cabbage King**: Here to cause trouble and/or vote no to everything that involves spending money. They think Krause House is cool, but aren't as interested in getting their hands dirty to solve problems.
Our goal is to help them gain context about how we do things and turn their pushback into something more constructive.

- Capital

- Cheerleaders
  - **DAO Influencer**: Highly connected, high social capital member of the community. They want to support Krause House, but are way too busy to do so on their own. Our goal is to give them a one stop shop to stay up to date as quickly and minimally as possible.

**KH External**
- NBA Owners
- Players
- Team Fans


### Questions
- In general, what stakeholder do we want to build for?
  - HouseOS is internal, jerry-experience focused
  - Greg: more focused on external -> meaning we need "ammo" to convince teams we are valuable stakeholder, over time will build for players and fans
- Do we want do anything beyond analytics dash for Pacers?




### Team Standup (in priority order)
- KH does not have any sophisticated SC, ux, or design assets over those SCs
  - [ ] tinker with some SC mechanisms useful for KH and start building (@greg)
- Trik may need context to take over analytics
  - [ ] Go to weekly sync, reach out to BB and Flex, let them know you're going to be leading it (@trik)
  - [ ] Reach out to flex about impressing the Pacers (*can be new/separate project*)
  - [ ] Reach out to Glad, Mario, Commodore about what *they* think would impress teams.
- Jerry's can't leave comments on proposals
  - [x] toggle wallet / comment / profile features back on (@eli)
- If HouseOS codebase not clean with good utilities, dev pace is slower, and harder for contributors to help
  - [x] refactor and create some more utility hooks (app launcher hook to hide redux dispatches) (@eli)
- Profile / Proposal views are ugly
  - [ ] find a designer or craft my own, need a gameplan to deliver better design (@eli)
